# General ending - no score/prestige

You didn't really do much, did you?

# General ending - some score/no prestige

You managed to get the machine running and play around a bit, but didn't
impress anyone.

# General ending - some score/prestige

You played around a bit and managed to show some promise.

# General ending - more score/prestige

You had a respectible showing today.

# General ending - even more score/prestige

Today was a good day.

# Long distance charge ending

You connected to the remote server, but forgot your promise to your mother.
You get in trouble once your parents see the phone charge, and you get your
privileges taken away. Your computer, while you've gotten used to it and are
eager to do more, won't be able to use its modem for some time.

# Minor cyber crime ending

A few days after your antics online, you get a visit from the NYPD inquiring
about illegal cyberactivity. Your computer is confiscated and you spend the
night in jail as your equipment is searched for illegal software and activity.
While you were let off and were able to go home the next day, the computer was
promptly taken away by your parents, and you'll never touch a computer again
while living under their roof.

# Medium cyber crime ending - strong evidence

Two days after your antics online, you get a visit from the NYPD inquiring
about your illegal cyberactivity. You are promptly arrested and your computer
confiscated. Illegal software and activity found on your computer has made for
a strong district attorney case. If you don't go to jail, you can expect some
community service time, as well as a permanent grounded status at home.

# Major cyber crime ending - strong evidence

The next morning, your apartment is stormed by NYPD and SWAT who come and take
you and your computer by force. You are arrested and detained while the Altair
is examined for illegal software and activity. You are introduced to a public
defender who explains that the case against you is strong, so a plea bargain is
your best chance. The DA offers you an 18-month sentence with a chance of early
release after 1 year, which you quickly accept. You are released a few months
before what would've been your high-school graduation. While you were welcomed
back home, you need to get to work right away, as you now need to pay rent.

# Federal cyber crime ending

The next morning, your apartment is raided by FBI and SWAT who come in and take
you and your computer by force. You are immediately driven to an undisclosed
FBI building where you are interrogated for several hours and where your Altair
is searched for evidence. You get to occasionally talk to your parents on the
phone as your public defender explains you are looking at a 5-10 year sentence
in federal prison with no chance of bail.