December 25th, 1982, New York City

You wake up on Christmas morning, excited to open your presents. You asked for
a Commodore 64 this year, and are hoping to get it and some games to play, but
were disappointed to find nothing but clothes and some Atari games. Afterwards,
your parents surprise you return from the attic with some large gifts. "These
are from your Uncle Joe," says Mom. You jump up to grab the presents and rip
the first one open, but instead of the Commodore, you find an old Altair 8800.
You stop and look at the cryptic box for a minute with dozens of red LEDs and
switches on the front panel.

"I know it's not the computer you wanted," says Dad, "but we did say after the
Atari for your 16th that big presents would have to wait. This machine was your
uncle's first computer, but he said you could have it and that he upgraded it
for you, too." You open the other boxes to find a huge disk drive, a new modem,
and a color terminal. You also find the hundreds of pages of manuals with a
handwritten note on top:

Hey Kiddo,

I know you've been asking for a computer all year, and it's time you've had one
of your own. This machine served me well for years, and it should do the same
for you. Sorry I can't see you this year, but should be in New York soon. In
the meantime, I hope to see you on-line soon!

Love, Uncle Joe


December 29th, 1982

After 4 days of trying to figure out how to get the system up and running, you
aren't much closer. You have everything hooked up, but can't get the disk drive
to work. The manual talks about inputting a bootstrap loader to make the Altair
smart enough to read from disk, but it involves a cryptic code and using the
giant front panel and just makes no sense to you. As your friends are all
playing their Commodore 64 games, you give up in frustration.


January 24th, 1983, One Month Later

It's been 30 days since you were given the Altair. After the New Year, you've
tried getting it running a few more times. While you were a bit further along
each time, you gave up when it all stopped making sense. Eventually, you think
you finally have it down and make step-by-step notes for yourself. You enter
the disk's bootstrap loader carefully, take a deep breath, and toggle the RUN
switch, which makes the disk drive spring to life.

You feel this incredible rush and wave of accomplishment as you hear the disk
churning and reading the floppy disk as CP/M quickly loads and brings your
terminal to life. Your research, toil, and effort is finally rewarded by the
simple A> prompt and flashing cursor on your terminal screen.

Press any key to continue


KIDDO.COM
Hey, kiddo.

Congrats on getting this thing running after all. I'm sure you were cursing my
name and wishing you had a Commodore the whole time, but trust me on this one.
Most people can't appreciate what a machine like this can do. Think about how
many of your friends asked for a 'puter for Christmas just so they could play
video games?

Despite the startup procedure and the lack of a graphics chip, this Altair can
do everything else that matters, including getting on-line. My old floppy bay
supports 980K disks, so you won't be hurting for storage space. You have a new
2400bps modem, 64K of RAM, a fresh copy of CP/M, and a color terminal. Trust
me, even with its quirks, you'll appreciate the machine in time, once you learn
its potential.

Why pick you for this honor, I hear you ask? Your mom happened to tell me how
you got your own phone line by promising never to call long-distance and how
relieved she is that you've kept your word. Considering the calls we had, I had
to see for myself, and sure enough, you've been fooling ol' Ma Bell from the
start. Once I learned that you've been phreaking, I knew I had to pay attention
to you and had to see what you could do with that phone connected to a modem.

...How did I get your phone records, I hear you ask? Let's just say phreaking
isn't the only way to play with our favorite crumbling monopoly. I found a
little on-line experiment of theirs and already figured out how to exploit it.
So we can stop pretending that you're more than capable of figuring this stuff
out on your own. But just like any other 16-year-old, you're lazy and require
motivation, so that's where I come in.

Since you beat my first challenge of getting the thing running, here's my next
one for you: if this machine has 64K of RAM, why is it only recognizing 20K?
I could give you the answer, but how will you learn if I do? Let's see if you
can figure it out on your own. If you can't, I _am_ still your uncle and here
to help you out. If you ever need a hand, just use the HINT program I wrote
which will dial up my machine where I can give you some tips.

Now the ball is in your court. You have the tools, get the talent. Good luck!

- Uncle Joe